[k8s] Enable multiple kubernetes contexts for failover (#3968)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/config.rst

    # Default: 'SERVICE_ACCOUNT'.
    remote_identity: my-k8s-service-account

    # Allowed context names to use for Kubernetes clusters (optional).
    #

>     # If not specified, only the current active context is used for launching.
>     #
>     # When specified, SkyPilot will fail over through the contexts in the same
>     # order as they are specified here.

Reviewer: Some rewording and example:
```suggestion
    # SkyPilot will try provisioning and fail over Kubernetes contexts in the same order 
    # as they are specified here. E.g., SkyPilot will try using context1 first. 
    # If it is out of resources or unreachable, it will fail over and try context2.
    #
    # If not specified, only the current active context is used for launching new clusters.
```

    allowed_contexts:

>       - context1

Author: Hmm, good catch! It seems to be an issue with our master branch as well? It seems our port forward script takes the context in the `KUBECTL_ARGS` but only pass the context and namespace info in the `NODEPORT` mode. 
https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/blob/d602225c897f10ca67a2d5b5db21982c0dc8c1ec/sky/authentication.py#L443-L444
https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/blob/d602225c897f10ca67a2d5b5db21982c0dc8c1ec/sky/provision/kubernetes/utils.py#L1047-L1048

I now pass the context and namespace from the cluster config yaml now.
